hello everyone and welcome to this
week's  Stella developer meeting today
week's Stella developer meeting today
we have the team from blend joining
us  for a code walkr in support of
us for a code walkr in support of
their exciting news security Initiative
for the Stell ecosystem I'm Carson as
usual from the SDF Dev team and  and
usual from the SDF Dev team and and
Alex will join us from script 3 and amen
from Satur  to set the stage here
from Satur to set the stage here
blend is getting ready to launch their
blend V2 and in preparation for that
they're opening up that code and for
groundbreaking
$125,000 in usdc competition focused on
securing lend V2 through both a
competitive auditing and a formal
verification this is the first ever open
competition competitive audit and formal
verification competition within the
Stella ecosystem so it's an amazing
opportunity for Stella devs to try their
hand on competing to find bugs and write
formal verification rules I just get
more familiar with blend in general so
I'll post a link to how to sign up
for the competition the competition
started this Monday so it is open  but
started this Monday so it is open but
let me now introduce
Alex hello thanks for having me welcome
Alex
do you just let me know when I am
ready to get running go ahead you are
all right perfect your screen all right
thank you  so yeah I am Alex you might
thank you so yeah I am Alex you might
see me online as mots2 and I'm the lead
developer at script 3 and we developed
blend which is a universal liquidity
protocol primitive  just a quick
protocol primitive just a quick
overview what we're going to run through
we might go a wee bit fast because
there's a lot of stuff to cover  but
there's a lot of stuff to cover but
I'll give you guys a quick for those who
aren't familiar  just a quick
aren't familiar just a quick
breakdown of what blend is  how the
breakdown of what blend is how the
actual contracts all work together
and then I'll run into the code and kind
of the main thing I'll try and focus on
for those  doing the auto
for those doing the auto
competition is really going to be  how
competition is really going to be how
we test blend and specifically if there
is some kind of bug or thing you found
within blend V2  kind of some tips and
within blend V2 kind of some tips and
tricks on how you it might be a bit
easier to prove  that something is in
easier to prove that something is in
fact wrong  so yeah blend is a
fact wrong so yeah blend is a
universal liquidity protocol primitive
and what does that mean  basically
and what does that mean basically
blend is a tool that allows  you know
blend is a tool that allows you know
companies people who are crypto natives
really any entity that wants a lending
Market to actually go ahead and have one
so lending markets the crypto are
just places where people can  land in
just places where people can land in
BIO assets from each other and one thing
that blend does is blend basically comes
with an automatic back stop module which
acts as  Insurance bad debt protection
acts as Insurance bad debt protection
and also scam protection and and these
things these are funded by anyone  and
things these are funded by anyone and
kind of the way this all works together
is the pool will give some portion of
the interest it generates out to the
back stop module such that it can
provide  that that layer of insurance
provide that that layer of insurance
for the
protocol  that's just a really brief
protocol that's just a really brief
intro as to what blend does  I want to
intro as to what blend does I want to
touch on first  actually how the
touch on first actually how the
contracts all work together since been
looking at this from a security
perspective knowing how  the main
perspective knowing how the main
components of blend interact  is
components of blend interact is
pretty vitol so kind of the really like
Cornerstone part of blend is the emitter
contract  this doesn't have very many
contract this doesn't have very many
responsibilities it's core one is going
to roughly Define the admin protocol
token in this case is blend  secondly
token in this case is blend secondly
it's responsible for defining the back
stop module now the back stop module is
like I said earlier the contract that
basically holds all of the insurance
funds for the blend pools  insurance
funds for the blend pools insurance
in this case are going to be  blend
in this case are going to be blend
usdc LP tokens so there is a common amm
it's for those familiar with evm it's
basically balancer  but it's just an
basically balancer but it's just an
LP token for blend
usdc  its main responsibility is it
usdc its main responsibility is it
actually controls the state of the pool
so if you have a lending market and
there's a back stop module the back stop
module actually has the ability to turn
the pool on and off so for example if
something happens to a pool or it gets
exploited some Oracle goes wrong  the
exploited some Oracle goes wrong the
back stop module actually has the
ability to disable borrowing for the
pool  secondly it's also the first
pool secondly it's also the first
less capital in the event of any bad
debt and  those that might not know
debt and those that might not know
bad debt is basically the case where
a user has liabilities and they have no
collateral to cover it so the protocol
has to take a loss on that debt
secondly it also manages the blend
emissions so the protocol basically
starting from the emitter blend tokens
will get sent to the back stop module
and it's the back stop module's
responsibility to send it to all of the
pools within the blend
ecosystem  within the backstop module
ecosystem within the backstop module
it also defines a pool Factory
this thing drops pretty simple it's a
contract that contains a pool wasum and
for any pool that's created  this is
for any pool that's created this is
the thing that validates that this is in
fact a blend pool and it is the exact
contract that we expect to be deployed
and then the meat and potatoes of the
protocol is going to be the actual pool
this is kind of the sort of a part of
the part of the whole protocol  it is
the part of the whole protocol it is
the place where people can go and lend
and borrow reserves  so there's tons
and borrow reserves so there's tons
of different ways you can set things up
but this is kind of the place where
all the lending and borrowing occurs
and kind of where most user interaction
will end up taking
place  so I know that was really fast
place so I know that was really fast
but hopefully is this is being recorded
right
Caren I think it is I'll take that as a
yes  y it's recorded perfect so yeah
yes y it's recorded perfect so yeah
we can go we can go probably go back and
watch that over if anything was missed
and I'm also available on Discord if
you want to ask further questions  but
you want to ask further questions but
we will jump to the actual codes since
that's probably what a lot of you all
are interested in
so I'll give a quick breakdown of how
contracts actually  exist in soron and
contracts actually exist in soron and
then we can start trying to dig through
some of how this how our codes actually
tested  so for those that aren't
tested so for those that aren't
familiar  The Way We have set up our
familiar The Way We have set up our
soron repository is you'll notice that
all of the core contracts that I talked
about earlier are located within their
own folder so for example all the code
for the back stops within the back stop
folder pool within the pool pool Factory
Etc
each contract has a contract. RS file
this is really the entry point and
interaction point for the contract so
you'll you you'll notice that in soran
there are these macros contract contract
client these are really the things that
defined how users actually can call into
the contract so anything that's public
facing  is part of this part of this
facing is part of this part of this
trait and will be implemented for the
back stop contract stru  this is also
back stop contract stru this is also
the location where where we probably
have all of the most user-facing
documentation for each of the functions
so if you're ever curious about
what's available on a contract what the
arguments mean  this file will be the
arguments mean this file will be the
place where they're documented
so yeah and there's also a contract
implementation macro so this will be the
place where a a Constructor is defined
so this is basically called when the
contract's first deployed and can never
be invoked again and there's also the
back stop trait implementation for the
contract and this is where all of our
code is basically getting defined so
everything in here is  exposed for
everything in here is exposed for
anyone on the blockchain to interact
with  the way we structured things is
with the way we structured things is
we generally do all of the
authentication that's required to  use
authentication that's required to use
the use the contract here and then we
actually perform all of the logic in a
second helper function so that we can
better unit test the code as a whole
so you'll notice if you're ever looking
for authentication things  you you'll
for authentication things you you'll
notice that all of the O actually takes
place here  if you are from the evm
place here if you are from the evm
world o how sorbon does o is probably
one of the largest differences
between the two blockchains  so it is
between the two blockchains so it is
worth looking into it's it's incredibly
well documented on
sorond  Sor bonds documentation so I
sorond Sor bonds documentation so I
would highly recommend  reading
would highly recommend reading
through how that works  so you and
through how that works so you and
then you'll also notice that for example
if I go to where we actually Define the
logic  this is pretty common
logic this is pretty common
throughout all of our contracts so we we
we'll basically try and wrap all all of
the logic that's external to
authentication and stuff within a
function and we actually go through in
write unit tests specifically for those
functions  so this is a pretty good
functions so this is a pretty good
place to look if you think something
might be incorrect or wrong or a bug
exists somewhere  this is probably one
exists somewhere this is probably one
of the easiest places to start testing
that and attempting to find  whether
that and attempting to find whether
or not something's wrong and you you'll
often find that this is like kind of
where most of our unit tests actually
occur  secondly one thing that we do
occur secondly one thing that we do
include within this blend contracts
repository is there's mock contracts and
there's also a test Suites folder  so
there's also a test Suites folder so
one thing that's really nice about
interacting with
soron is as I'm using tests you'll
notice I have rust analyzer installed on
my fsco but you you you have the ability
to step through debug so if you're ever
curious about  what actual values are
curious about what actual values are
within a function you're you can use all
the rust internal tools to step through
and actually debug it  if you're like
and actually debug it if you're like
most developers in the world you're just
going to add a whole bunch of print
lines and then run the test that also
works fantastic too  but it's it's
works fantastic too but it's it's
really nice for example if you do think
something's wrong make sure to use the
rust tools and use use all the debugging
tools to your advantage we've been able
to find a lot of things internally
using those those strategies  but one
using those those strategies but one
really important thing I wanted to touch
on especially for L contracts is we have
this giant test Suites folder  we use
this giant test Suites folder we use
a lot of this for all of the integration
testing so for example there is a test
fixture  this basically just contains
fixture this basically just contains
a whole it's it's basically going to
deploy from a fresh environment a whole
bunch of contracts and things that exist
to basically support a pretty standard
blend pool  so you'll notice it's
blend pool so you'll notice it's
going to make tokens  it adds a whole
going to make tokens it adds a whole
bunch of users  it deploys all the
bunch of users it deploys all the
contracts out for you and you can
basically then start from a really good
starting point to actually write an
integration level test  one quick
integration level test one quick
thing to note here is that if you ever
see an our test  the user Bombadil
see an our test the user Bombadil
I'm a bit of a Lord of the Rings nerd so
he is the admin and ruler of everything
so he has the power to  basically mint
so he has the power to basically mint
tokens at will he's kind of the
admin the super key for roughly all of
our tests as well  but how this is
our tests as well but how this is
actually implemented you'll actually
notice if you look back at some of our
older audits  we've written
older audits we've written
integration tests after after basically
fixing issues that have been found
one of these was an  inflation attack
one of these was an inflation attack
that I believe  C Tor found in the
that I believe C Tor found in the
first audit  but for example this kind
first audit but for example this kind
of walks you through a really good way
if you think something does exist that
might have an issue  writing one of
might have an issue writing one of
these level tests is a really really
good way to actually prove whether or
not it exists  since this kind of is
not it exists since this kind of is
what at at this level of test this
really is the place where you're going
to have the same level of interaction
that someone using the blockchain
would  then yeah maybe the last thing
would then yeah maybe the last thing
to note before I switch over to the fev
VA here is you'll notice on the test
test fixture when you cre the test
picture there's a true false  just so
picture there's a true false just so
it's clear  you have the ability when
it's clear you have the ability when
running rust integration tests to
actually deploy the contracts and use
WMS  so if you want to use the actual
WMS so if you want to use the actual
wasm files that are being deployed
that's great we do that in plenty of
tests but  if you do that  rust
tests but if you do that rust
itself won't actually be able to debug
the code within the wasin packages so if
you're expecting some of the prit lines
or   line by line de debugging to
or line by line de debugging to
work you will need to deploy all of the
contracts as rust crates  that way you
contracts as rust crates that way you
can use all the unit testing
tools  so yeah that's probably all I'm
tools so yeah that's probably all I'm
going to touch on here  again within
going to touch on here again within
test Suites and test  this is tons of
test Suites and test this is tons of
really good examples on setting up all
different kinds of environments  if
different kinds of environments if
you want to go through and attempt to
prove  that something is
prove that something is
incorrect  lastly I'm going to also
incorrect lastly I'm going to also
run through the Fe Vault contract
this
is basically a  add-on contract that's
is basically a add-on contract that's
aimed at wallets  that will allow
aimed at wallets that will allow
users to specify either a fixed rate of
return or  excuse me a cap rate of
return or excuse me a cap rate of
return so for example if a wallet wanted
to offer  say 10% on usdc deposits
to offer say 10% on usdc deposits
using blend they can deploy one of these
Fe volts  if the blend pools returning
Fe volts if the blend pools returning
more than 10% they would keep that extra
say it's returning 15% they would keep
5% 10% would go to the users  or they
5% 10% would go to the users or they
can just take a fixed interest take off
of all of the interest generated for
deposits through this Fe volt  so it
deposits through this Fe volt so it
it works pretty similar similarly to any
er  ERC 4626 function or 4626 Vault
er ERC 4626 function or 4626 Vault
token  so those that are familiar or
token so those that are familiar or
I've looked at those those kinds of
protocols in the past  this should
protocols in the past this should
feel somewhat familiar to you  I did
feel somewhat familiar to you I did
want to call out one thing you'll also
notice some of the implementation
patterns we use in blend also come over
here  so the only thing that's maybe a
here so the only thing that's maybe a
bit different is this contracts a bit
simpler so you you'll notice we've kind
of there's probably one less layer of
abstraction there  for you to have to
abstraction there for you to have to
deal with  most things are documented
deal with most things are documented
pretty well in code but if you find
anything please please feel free to call
it out  you'll notice that in the test
it out you'll notice that in the test
here it's set up a bit differently so
for example  this is a very long test
for example this is a very long test
but we we we mainly are testing the fee
VA through integration testing  since
VA through integration testing since
the contct is a bit similar simpler and
it relies heavily on the blend the blend
contracts themselves so you'll notice
that we  we support a blend rust crate
that we we support a blend rust crate
that includes all of the blend
contracts themselves  this has been
contracts themselves this has been
updated for the exact hash that was
pushed for the  Auto competition  so
pushed for the Auto competition so
you'll notice that I
believe yeah the version is
here  but  this comes with a very
here but this comes with a very
similar deployment script as the one we
use within the blend contracts
repository for their integration test so
let's see if yeah there's a blend
flixer   deploy function that will
flixer deploy function that will
actually go ahead and create all of the
blend contracts needed to interact with
a very similar setup as to what blend
view1 main it is  so if you do run
view1 main it is so if you do run
into anything with the F VA  this is
into anything with the F VA this is
kind of a great place to look to go
ahead and try and prove that something
INF fact is missing or has a bug
so yeah that's probably all I wanted
to touch on I wanted to make sure I left
a little bit of time for Sor to go
through the formal verification portion
of the auto competition
but I'll probably leave it there
unless there's anything else you want me
to touch on Carson great  let's
to touch on Carson great let's
let's wait and see if there's any
questions  at the end but  thank you
questions at the end but thank you
for the presentation I'm going to invite
Shandon Armen on the
stage welcome both of
you
hi  Armen are you there okay yep hello
hi Armen are you there okay yep hello
you have my screen
so this is the contest
repo  so trra you can let me know yeah
repo so trra you can let me know yeah
we should walk over sure  yeah you can
we should walk over sure yeah you can
share and I'll I'll just go over it so
as Alex mentioned in his
presentation before you know we are
doing this audit and formal verification
contest for blend and  while the audit
contest for blend and while the audit
itself you can you know all all of the
prog the code bases in scope  for the
prog the code bases in scope for the
verification part we have a smaller
scope because  the the protocol is
scope because the the protocol is
there's a lot of code and so we decided
that it would be more tractable and
manageable if we tried to focus on one
particular part and in particular we are
looking at the back stop crate so if you
go up a little bit in this
repository so for what it's worth this
is the repository where all the code is
so you can  clone this repository and
so you can clone this repository and
then you can
check out all the different crates and
in particular the one that we are
talking about is the back stop as you
can see Armen has it here  and I want
can see Armen has it here and I want
to show the Sora specific stuff so first
of all  the the the properties that
of all the the the properties that
you're going to be writing are going to
be in the seras specs directory where
Armen is right now  I think I have a
Armen is right now I think I have a
couple of little  so well now can you
couple of little so well now can you
go maybe look at some of the other files
there's a few that I provided  just
there's a few that I provided just
for an example yeah so here's a few
examples of things that you  just to
examples of things that you just to
give you an idea for what these  look
give you an idea for what these look
like  and  so you can notice here
like and so you can notice here
that  there is this thing called cvlr
that there is this thing called cvlr
uncore assert  in all the rules and so
uncore assert in all the rules and so
the things that are so that's one
thing I want to talk about a little bit
so if you look at line number five this
is the  we we call it Cavalier so
is the we we call it Cavalier so
cavaliere is the specification language
that we've built  it's just a rust
that we've built it's just a rust
Library so you can import the library
and then you can use the various
assertions and there which are just
macros  that we've defined  so
macros that we've defined so
assume assert and satisfy I think are
probably the most common ones  and the
probably the most common ones and the
ones that are I think we recommend using
the most if you need something more
specific then you can always  reach
specific then you can always reach
out and  we can help you figure out
out and we can help you figure out
how to how to do
that  the other thing  worth noting
that the other thing worth noting
here is  can you  can Arman can you
here is can you can Arman can you
go down to the the cargo Tomo file at
the bottom
yes so  we are also relying on
yes so we are also relying on
rust features so for example here you
can see on line 17 there's this feature
called
Cur and  the nice thing about this
Cur and the nice thing about this
this mechanism is it actually lets you
use this feature to selectively
compile  the code so for example
compile the code so for example
you can if you go back Armen to  let's
you can if you go back Armen to let's
see  let's go in the back stop yeah
see let's go in the back stop yeah
and maybe in the
withdrawal  maybe go to deposit
withdrawal maybe go to deposit
actually okay perfect so if you look at
the top of this file you'll see that
we are using this feature called sora
and essentially what this is saying is
that when the feature is enabled and I
just showed you before that in the cargo
TL it is enabled  then use this mock
TL it is enabled then use this mock
implementation of the token client and
otherwise you can use the whatever
default one that blend was using and
this is just for verification only right
so when you're compiling your code for
other purposes then you shouldn't be
using this  but when you're doing
using this but when you're doing
verification this is helpful because a
lot of the times we want to modularize
things and so you may not need to
include all the code for the token when
you're really just verifying the code
for the back stop right so that's an
interesting feature that I think you'll
probably use  quite a bit and you know
probably use quite a bit and you know
always feel free to reach out  on
always feel free to reach out on
Discord if you have any questions  the
Discord if you have any questions the
other thing I also want to highlight is
the con files so on the left you will
see that there is this directory called
conss and here we have provided some
setup and some skeleton for some basic
conss so let's look at the one yeah the
withdraw one is a good one so what's
happening here is  we have this
happening here is we have this
file that has a a build script this is
already provided you probably should not
have to modify this at all  it's just
have to modify this at all it's just
a python script that  does a bunch of
a python script that does a bunch of
stuff that is necessary for making sure
that the reports look nice you know you
have all the files uploaded there it
calls the right  build instruction in
calls the right build instruction in
this case we're using this  file
this case we're using this file
called  this build system called just
called this build system called just
but other than you should not have to
modify that more or less  then there's
modify that more or less then there's
a few verification specific things so
for example there's this thing called we
have this slide called  optimistic
have this slide called optimistic
Loop   we we don't need to worry
Loop we we don't need to worry
about what that is I would leave that
there  there's also this precise
there there's also this precise
bitwise Ops  flag which is set to True
bitwise Ops flag which is set to True
what this is saying is that when
you're doing the verification use bit
vectors  you may or may not want it
vectors you may or may not want it
it's  you can if you're facing  like
it's you can if you're facing like
slow running times I recommend taking it
out and seeing what happens and again if
you run into any issues  when you take
you run into any issues when you take
it out you can reach out and we'll try
to help you
and then really the main thing you
will have to modify is this rules field
so whatever rules you write  you just
so whatever rules you write you just
have to add them to this file and then
you just run this  San with this
you just run this San with this
configuration file  I one thing I
configuration file I one thing I
would recommend so it is very common for
users to run the prover with many ruls
and that is what you will do in the end
but when you're debugging and when
you're just you know trying to test
things out it is often helpful to just
run one rule at a time so you know which
rule is problematic or you know which
has a Vu problem or all kinds of stuff
right so  definitely keep that in mind
right so definitely keep that in mind
when you're  just getting started and
when you're just getting started and
you know writing these  as as I can
you know writing these as as I can
tell you there's a lot of  excitement
tell you there's a lot of excitement
already on Discord lots of people have
been asking lots of questions  really
been asking lots of questions really
good questions so it's already really
nice to see the the engagement from the
the community so that's that's really
cool  so I think  let me just think
cool so I think let me just think
what else I would like to show actually
yes  can you  Armen if you click on
yes can you Armen if you click on
the documentation page that you have
open  so yeah here we have some
open so yeah here we have some
documentation for using Sunbeam so
there's the installation guide which I
think you probably don't need to worry
too much about if you if you if you have
installed ctra CLI you should be you
should be good to go so I don't think
you need anything else so the user guide
is the main  thing you know  we have
is the main thing you know we have
some examples of you know what the
different components are so for example
here  you know you see this like hash
here you know you see this like hash
rule thing  on top of these functions
rule thing on top of these functions
so really what's Happening Here is
you're just writing rust functions right
so  Cura is like interpreting those
so Cura is like interpreting those
functions separately especially for
verification but from your point of view
you're just writing rust functions with
special macros and special annotation so
that's one of the annotations is this
rule  attribute
rule attribute
and  I already mentioned the CVL
and I already mentioned the CVL
assume assert macros from the Cavalier
spec Library another thing that is very
useful is  this notion of
useful is this notion of
non-determinism so  oftentimes what
non-determinism so oftentimes what
happens is when you're doing
verification  you might want to
verification you might want to
sort of summarize some piece of code
because you know maybe that's not super
relevant for the property you're
verifying and all you care about is that
that function returns some
non-deterministic value right it could
be a u64 it could be i1 128 whatever
it could be a user defined type all
kinds of Stu so this nonb gives you a
mechanism to do that so Cavalier
actually already implements a bunch of
non-ets for  various primitive types
non-ets for various primitive types
blend has a lot of userdefined
structs right so for example there's the
Q4  Q4 withdrawal  struct  you
Q4 Q4 withdrawal struct you
might want to implement that
trade for this  this truck right
trade for this this truck right
so you can do it this way so right like
as there's an example here so
essentially all you do is  you know
essentially all you do is you know
you assign non- debt to all the fields
of the struct and  you're good to go
of the struct and you're good to go
so this is something that's really
helpful  for  for verification  we
helpful for for verification we
often have to do it and I'm imagining
other people will have to do this as
well we have some very basic examples in
the tutorial so we have a Sunbeam
tutorial over  over here
tutorial over over here
it gives an example of the token
contract so if you've never done
verification I think this is a good way
to start you can just do the exercises
here and  you know just try to
here and you know just try to
understand like what what's really
happening  when you run the tool and
happening when you run the tool and
so
on  and other than that  if you go
on and other than that if you go
back  I think I already explained the
back I think I already explained the
scripts the build script stuff if you
scroll down a little bit more
Armen  yeah I think they these are
Armen yeah I think they these are
already covered
say so I think the main other thing I
would recommend looking at is what
happens when you do run Sunbeam so as I
mentioned before and it's actually also
listed in the readme for the the repo
all you do is you just run Cur San
proofer and you pass this Con file and
you  you run it and all you get is a
you you run it and all you get is a
link to a run right and this link is
going to look something like this right
so here you can see  well so here
so here you can see well so here
there is no violation so you're fine but
if there is a violation you can see a
call Trace the call Trace is not super
easy to read so if you are stuck with
problems with the call Trace please post
messages on Discord and we'll try to
help you as much as possible  you can
help you as much as possible you can
also see the code right so for example
here on the left you have this files you
can see all the files that you used to
run verification all the properties that
you ran all the code that you changed or
properties you wrote everything is here
so and I would always encourage you
to if you are having any problems you
can just send me a link to a run and
then I can take a look at the run I can
reproduce the Run locally and and help
you debug your
problems
other than that I'm not thinking
what else would be useful
I think about that's that might be
all I have like  oh actually I I would
all I have like oh actually I I would
like to mention one other thing
so  we already saw  the feature CRA
so we already saw the feature CRA
feature of mechanism where you can
selectively decide what functions to
include when you're compiling we also
saw the non-dead macro  another thing
saw the non-dead macro another thing
that you may have to do is  summarize
that you may have to do is summarize
various functions so this is something
that you know for example here  the
that you know for example here the
way the best way to do this is the
following right so  in the C specs
following right so in the C specs
directory you there is a directory
called summaries and in there you can
so the mod is that's where you  just
so the mod is that's where you just
expose all the summaries that you have
written so here there's you know this
file called emissions and in emissions
it's possible that depending on the
property you're proving you might have
to summarize right so for example you
can say that I don't really care what
emissions does as long as it's returning
a Nonet terministic value or you can
that well it should be a
nondeterministic value but maybe it
should be in some range so this kind of
stuff right like it really depends on
your understanding of protocol and like
what you think is necessary for
whoever is calling this function to know
about this function Behavior right so
this is actually often very helpful so
you can put all your summaries here and
then wherever you're calling the
function instead of calling the original
function you just call this function and
it would be really good if you
actually annotate it with this because
then you know you're not really changing
the semantics of the original program
great I think we need to wrap it up
here but  thank you so much for for
here but thank you so much for for
this presentation  I think this was
this presentation I think this was
very helpful for everyone who's going to
participate in the in the competition to
get to walk through both of the code and
and and  and the verification here so
and and and the verification here so
thank you all for joining  I didn't
thank you all for joining I didn't
see any questions in the chat but yeah
feel free to reach out  also in
feel free to reach out also in
Discord if there's anything I'll post
the link again in Discord for the
competition so good luck to everyone
the competition is running until March
17th so still have plenty of time to to
dig into it thank you everyone for
joining thank you Shandra and Alex for
for joining here us thank you everyone
thanks everybody